Tune-Up Packages

Basic Tune $40

After a bit of hard riding, your bike will be in need of some adjustments to keep your machine running at peak performance. If your gears are not quit shifting right anymore or there is a slight squeak in your bottom bracket. The Basic Tune is the answer.

Wipe down frame and drivetrain
Check bolts for torque
Check for proper tire pressure
Tune and lube drivetrain
Full Tune $70

Once or twice a season of riding your bike will be pretty hammered. Our Full Tune up with help. This is our standard and most recommended service package.

Wipe down frame and drivetrain
Check bolts for torque
Check for proper tire pressure
Tune and lube drivetrain
Wheels are removed and trued and tensioned
Wheel bearings checked and adjusted
Freehubs checked and adjusted
Cranks removed, checked and adjusted
Complete Overhaul $160

This is a complete tear down and rebuild of the frame. All bearing systems serviced. All drive train components thoroughly soaked, cleaned and inspected then reinstalled to manufacturers specifications.

Suspension Services

Fork Service $50

This a basic fork service. This is a thorough inspection of the stanchions, lowers and internal systems. We only use factory recommended service parts and fluids. Parts extra.

Fork Overhaul $100
This is a full tear-down and rebuild of the internal systems (compression + rebound) with all seals replaced with the factory recommended parts and fluids. Parts extra.



Rear Shock Service $50

This starts with a tear-down and inspection of the internal damping system for wear and damage. Seals and bushings will be replaced with factory recommended parts and fluids. Parts extra

Rear Suspension Linkage Service $140
This is a full dis-assembly and inspection of all linkage pivots and parts. Installation of new bearings, bushings, and hardware. All hardware is torqued to factory specifications. Linkage service is guaranteed to be creak-free for 1 month from service. Parts extra

Tires and Wheels
Ala Carte Maintenance

Tire or tube replacement $10
Custom wheel build $65
Wheel truing touch-up $15
Wheel truing repair
Hub adjustment $15
Standard freehub overhaul $40